it's Monday in Russia it's zero degrees
Celsius the the main Russian Street
nevsky prospekt and we are going to meet
one of the most famous lawyers in Spain
he came here to study Russian he is
linguae trip to come and study here and
we are heading to his school yeah you
are
so we use in Russia when we say hello
somebody unknown person you can say
strategist can you ladies love me
distracted that's right
a gravitsappa Becky regional addresses
they gotta be Chapel was busy for the
Nikki Phillippi ready take a beat
suppose
jalaja go voodoo body okay but I'm not
that we are already on it Bobby but
[Music]
whatever we restrain Russian freshly
grated you liked it
[Laughter]
[Music]
you want me to put the coin in
[Laughter]
Niska mouth I feel like a grandma
Oh two girls there yes yes Vanya is not
almost too much complicated do it will
you hold my hand
okay I feel like I need to explain
what's going on here so basically
cheddar came to Russia and we wanted him
to use the language that you're learning
so we asked him to do some fun stuff
like us before girl what's up number in
Russian or purchasing vodka in Russian
thanks
Navi is only that that look una y como
puede
promoting themselves
you know fashion
Charlie al Ultima fracas involving okay
it's a sub yes what's up
[Music]
okay I'm ready okay we have the first
yeah number yes but he must know hey
previous Dracula M yes valid million
yeah
National promise this was one of the
funniest moments basically was sitting
in chair O's first Russian class and
then his phone rings and this is
actually the same card he bought just
one hour ago he realizes this is just a
random man asking random questions and
you was able to use user oh so straight
away yep Aloha Guevara barosky that dr.
Poddar scary six a three
Minya Sal Aram but he continued
genius Mannion I love you too just
kiddin you can be
[Laughter]
[Music]
what am i a monster period many
technology effective let's focus of
cahuachi
and Isis so all over 30 people to take
just lucky is not given the opportunity
[Music]
Magellan very much
it's a professional just one day one day
of classes
and you're all professional vodka by
yourself we got three welcome now yes
we're in one of the news 4 covers and
one ask before on a racehorse
we'll see what happens
he doesn't drink
[Music]
I'm Corinne somebody with uber yeah you
yeah here's the homo someone or
something well then I think it's food
it's okay yay broken teeth never is this
if it's the car of your dreams yeah yeah
come i doesn't have nothing like but
what what do you need a second is it a
mysterious hi I need to go to the city
center how much free you have such a
nice car and then you have something we
have five star ranking in uber so you
can use the yeah something there you can
inside the car breaking my gosh this is
so audio and somebody shot in this car
[Music]
[Laughter]
remember like if it's now to the right
we're trying to make sense
beat up really quickly to show us off
his heart and it just burns down the
middle to us
so we had to push it back and yeah
they're trying to repair it little come
see you
and we're gonna do a super winter fun
we're going to take this done donut I
don't know what the reading this
workforce and we're going to connect it
to the motor bikes and we're going to go
through the field and it's going to be
going to be so fun and so excited potato
I'm going to Connecticut
I'm not properly dressed but yeah
[Music]
what I expected more emotions be like
can I come fire
goodbye to the dress in countryside
[Music]
you
somebody leaves there I just don't know
who but it smells like somebody leaves
there hello it's me hello it's me would
you live in such a yard which it would
you like something like this to happen
to your house and yeah it is your daddy
very much it's funny that the
neighborhoods of decorate this it's just
one guy just one night yeah a great guy
I did the guy yeah a little crazy
because what but you're Arthur I'm crazy
yeah always together okay we're gonna go
now Christine yeah thank you so much for
going good luck in California whatever
you're going to be like with your I
should yeah I'm going to tie my brain
yes it a lot I think was very productive
yeah I think I'm I learnt a little P and
the poor not good-looking Russia yeah
and um you managed to communicate with
people with you yeah yeah yeah nice um I
have a the little guy is healthy so much
coasted in here is Eva thank you for all
the video
and give the knife okay I think they're
the people will enjoyed so much the
video yeah I hope you will enjoy this
very bye bye bye guys